# Tuesday, April 2 2024
## Time
- 11:20 am - 11:50 am
## Attendees/Role
- Alexander Hooper
- Hana Tollossa
- Jahcorian Ivery
- Varshitha Thanam
## Decisions Made
- We discuss how far everyone is in their part of the app code.
- We discuss how our PowerPoint presentation will be organized.
- We discuss how to integrate our code on GitHub and when it is due.
## Action Items
- We should meet on 4/3 to finalize our PowerPoint presentation.
- We should review our product.
- We should review our SDP to meet our final product.
## Questions or Concerns

## Signatures  
- Hana Tollossa
- Varshitha Thanam
- Ethan Timpe
- JahCorian Ivery

